Changed import statements of material-ui components to default imports (#322)
pxblue/react-component-library: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.0.1 (May 24, 2019)

Initial beta release

> ## v5.3.2 (September 30, 2021)
> 
> ### Updated
> 
> -   Updated the import statements of material-ui components and icons to be default imports instead of named imports, so that the only components that are being used should be part of final bundle
> 
>     ```typescript
>     /* Old import syntax */
>     import { ComponentName } from '@material-ui/core';
> 
>     /* New import syntax */
>     import ComponentName from '@material-ui/core/ComponentName';
>     ```

Reviewer: We can keep this entry pretty simple:
```suggestion
## v5.3.2 (unpublished)

### Updated

-   Import material-ui components via default imports instead of named imports to reduce overall bundle size.
```

And this should be at the top of the file instead of the bottom (most recent version appears first). You'll get the hang of the changelog updates once you do a few. We've been trying to follow the changelog format defined by Keep A Changelog: https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/

Author: @joebochill Updated the PR.

## v0.0.1 (May 24, 2019)

Initial beta release

### Updated 

> Updated react component library to 5.3.2

Reviewer 2: You only add change logs at the top. And you add descriptions to what's been updated. You can have a look at how other packages are doing this (like this changelog in [Angular component library](https://github.com/pxblue/angular-component-library/blob/dev/CHANGELOG.md))

> Updated react component library to 5.3.2

Reviewer 2: You only add the changelog at the top. And it should be more descriptive. See how Angular component library is doing it:

https://github.com/pxblue/angular-component-library/blob/dev/CHANGELOG.md

Author: @huayunh Thanks for the feedback. Updated the PR.
